URI,prefLabel,Definition,Source
http://resource.geosciml.org/classifier/cgi/alterationtype/advanced_argillic_alteration,advanced argillic alteration,,this vocabulary
http://resource.geosciml.org/classifier/cgi/alterationtype/albitic_alteration,albitic alteration,,this vocabulary
http://resource.geosciml.org/classifier/cgi/alterationtype/alteration_not_specified,alteration type not specified,"Rock is altered, but type not specified. Any alteration type allowed.",this vocabulary
http://resource.geosciml.org/classifier/cgi/alterationtype/alunitic_alteration,alunitic alteration,,this vocabulary
http://resource.geosciml.org/classifier/cgi/alterationtype/argillic_alteration,argillic alteration,,this vocabulary
http://resource.geosciml.org/classifier/cgi/alterationtype/calcsilicate_alteration,calcsilicate alteration,,this vocabulary
http://resource.geosciml.org/classifier/cgi/alterationtype/carbonate_alteration,carbonate alteration,,this vocabulary
http://resource.geosciml.org/classifier/cgi/alterationtype/chloritic_alteration,chloritic alteration,,this vocabulary
http://resource.geosciml.org/classifier/cgi/alterationtype/deuteric_alteration,deuteric alteration,,this vocabulary
http://resource.geosciml.org/classifier/cgi/alterationtype/epidote_alteration,epidote alteration,,this vocabulary
http://resource.geosciml.org/classifier/cgi/alterationtype/greisen,greisen,,this vocabulary
http://resource.geosciml.org/classifier/cgi/alterationtype/hematitic_alteration,hematitic alteration,,this vocabulary
http://resource.geosciml.org/classifier/cgi/alterationtype/kaolinitic_alteration,kaolinitic alteration,,this vocabulary
http://resource.geosciml.org/classifier/cgi/alterationtype/not_altered,not altered,Rock or sediment not altered.,This Vocabulary
http://resource.geosciml.org/classifier/cgi/alterationtype/potassic_alteration,potassic alteration,,this vocabulary
http://resource.geosciml.org/classifier/cgi/alterationtype/propylitic_alteration,propylitic alteration,,this vocabulary
http://resource.geosciml.org/classifier/cgi/alterationtype/pyritic_alteration,pyritic alteration,,this vocabulary
http://resource.geosciml.org/classifier/cgi/alterationtype/red_rock_alteration,red rock alteration,,this vocabulary
http://resource.geosciml.org/classifier/cgi/alterationtype/saussuritised,saussuritised,,this vocabulary
http://resource.geosciml.org/classifier/cgi/alterationtype/sericitic_alteration,sericitic alteration,,this vocabulary
http://resource.geosciml.org/classifier/cgi/alterationtype/serpentinisation,serpentinisation,,this vocabulary
http://resource.geosciml.org/classifier/cgi/alterationtype/silicification,silicification,,this vocabulary
http://resource.geosciml.org/classifier/cgi/alterationtype/unknown_alteration,unknown alteration,,this vocabulary
http://resource.geosciml.org/classifier/cgi/alterationtype/uralitisation,uralitisation,,this vocabulary
http://resource.geosciml.org/classifier/cgi/alterationtype/zeolitic_alteration,zeolitic alteration,,this vocabulary
